Update dlp-migrate-exo-policy-to-unified-dlp.md (#7002)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/dlp-migrate-exo-policy-to-unified-dlp.md

The migrated policies will now appear in the list of DLP policies in the Compliance center DLP console. 

## Common errors and mitigation
|Error message  |Reason  | Mitigation/Recommended steps|
|---------|---------|---------|

> |A compliance policy with name '<Name of the policy>' already exists in scenario(s) 'Dlp'.    |It is likely that this policy migration was done earlier and then reattempted in the same session |Refresh the session to update the list of policies available for migration. All previously migrated policies should be in "Already migrated" state.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|A compliance policy with name `<Name of the policy>` already exists in scenario(s) `Dlp`.    |It is likely that this policy migration was done earlier and then reattempted in the same session |Refresh the session to update the list of policies available for migration. All previously migrated policies should be in the `Already migrated` state.|
```

> |A compliance policy with name '<Name of the policy>' already exists in scenario(s) 'Hold'.     |A retention policy with the same name exists in the same tenant.       |- Rename the DLP policy in EAC to a different name </br> - Retry the migration for impacted policy |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|A compliance policy with name `<Name of the policy>` already exists in scenario(s) `Hold`.     |A retention policy with the same name exists in the same tenant.       |- Rename the DLP policy in EAC to a different name. </br> - Retry the migration for the impacted policy. |
```

> |'DLP-group@contoso.com' can’t be used as a value for the Shared By condition because it’s a distribution group or mail-enabled security group. Please use Shared by Member of predicate to detect activities by members of certain groups.     |Transport rules allow groups to be used in "sender is" condition but unified DLP does not allow it.         | Update the transport rule to remove all group email addresses from "sender is" condition and add the group to "sender is a member of" condition if required. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DLP-group@contoso.com` can’t be used as a value for the Shared By condition because it’s a distribution group or mail-enabled security group. Please use Shared by Member of predicate to detect activities by members of certain groups.     |Transport rules allow groups to be used in the `sender is` condition but unified DLP does not allow it.         | Update the transport rule to remove all group email addresses from the `sender is` condition and add the group to the `sender is a member of` condition if required. 
```

Retry the migration for the impacted policy|

> |Could not find recipient 'DLP-group@contoso.com'. If newly created please retry the operation after sometime. If deleted or expired please reset with valid values and try again.     |It is likely that the group address used in 'sender is a member of' or 'recipient is a member of' condition is expired or invalid.         | - Remove/replace all the invalid group email addresses in the transport rule in Exchange Admin Center </br> - Retry the migration for impacted policy.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Could not find recipient `DLP-group@contoso.com`. If newly created please retry the operation after sometime. If deleted or expired please reset with valid values and try again.     |It is likely that the group address used in `sender is a member of` or `recipient is a member of` condition is expired or invalid.         | - Remove/replace all the invalid group email addresses in the transport rule in Exchange admin center. </br> - Retry the migration for the impacted policy.|
```

> |The value specified in 'FromMemberOf' predicate must be mail enabled security group.     |Transport rules allow individual users to be used in "sender is a member of" condition but unified DLP does not allow it.         | - Update the transport rule to remove all individual user email addresses from "sender is a member of" condition and add the users to "sender is" condition if required. </br> - Retry the migration for impacted policy.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The value specified in `FromMemberOf` predicate must be mail enabled security group.     |Transport rules allow individual users to be used in the `sender is a member of` condition but unified DLP does not allow it.         | - Update the transport rule to remove all individual user email addresses from the `sender is a member of` condition and add the users to the `sender is` condition if required. </br> - Retry the migration for the impacted policy.|
```

> |The value specified in 'SentToMemberOf' predicate must be mail enabled security group.    |Transport rules allow individual users to be used under "recipient is a member of" condition but unified DLP does not allow it         | - Update the transport rule to remove all individual user email addresses from "recipient is a member of" condition and add the users to "recipient is" condition if required. </br> - Retry the migration for impacted policy.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The value specified in `SentToMemberOf` predicate must be mail enabled security group.    |Transport rules allow individual users to be used under the `recipient is a member of` condition but unified DLP does not allow it.         | - Update the transport rule to remove all individual user email addresses from the `recipient is a member of` condition and add the users to the `recipient is` condition if required. </br> - Retry the migration for the impacted policy.|
```

> |Using the '<Name of condition>' parameter is supported only for Exchange. Either remove this parameter or turn on only Exchange location.         | It is likely that another policy with the same name exists in compliance center with other locations like SPO/ODB/Teams for which the mentioned condition is not supported. | Rename the DLP policy in exchange admin center and retry the migration.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Using the `<Name of condition>` parameter is supported only for Exchange. Either remove this parameter or turn on only Exchange location.         | It is likely that another policy with the same name exists in Compliance center with other locations like SPO/ODB/Teams for which the mentioned condition is not supported. | Rename the DLP policy in Exchange admin center and retry the migration.|
```
